You fart, our Tian family can have today
It's all my sister's hard work
I didn't expect the resources I gave the Tian family at the beginning
It has become a tool to help me fight back
effort
Does anyone here want to lie flat?
Does anyone want to be a salted fish?
We're all rolled up
Oh, dear.
Why is this Tian family's wealth developing so rapidly?
Is this abnormal?
Yeah. That's not fair.
Ms. Zhang
Has the Zhang family's assets risen in recent years?
Are you working hard?
How about you, Ms. Sun?
Have you reflected on yourself?
Everyone, unless the Tian family becomes a dragon traitor
Otherwise, all these years
Where do so many resources and opportunities come from?
I didn't. He's talking nonsense.
How about I don't let you be wronged?
actually
I'm not wrong, it's not me.
How do you know?
I gave it to you.
You gave it.
Shut up, I promise
The Tian family has nothing to do with Vortex Ren
It turned out to be Miss Ye of the palace
No wonder he's so articulate
Yes, I am Ye Ye
I have an announcement to make starting today.
Qi Tian is my fiancé
If anyone dares to target him
It is to be the enemy of my Ye family